 All right, Thank you, James. Okay, Let's pivot a bit to talk about Cloud services through the lens of sales. The level set. Again, let's talk about what we mean when we say Red Hat Cloud services. So Red Hat Cloud services is divided into three different segments, platform, application and data services. Platform services are OpenShift Dedicated, Rosa, arrow and Roy, also known as managed OpenShift. Application services, are our API Management Kafka and service strategy projects with her via higher or dev level layers of abstraction for, for our customers to build new applications and modernize existing. And finally data services, roads and Rohde wishes are data science and data access broker products, respectively. We're going to talk mostly about Rosa here in a few moments, but just again to level set, this is the full breadth and depth of our Cloud services portfolio, which is really helps her support our customers and their, and their journeys to be cloud native. All right, so why does read as sales love run at Cloud services? Well, the nice thing about our Cloud services, especially arrow and Rosa, and allows us to so with the Cloud providers rather than a guest, the Cloud providers, and that removes a ton of our friction. Ton of friction between our companies allows us to tap into the enormous sales and delivery teams. These Cloud providers have an unlocks a heck of a lot more addressable market and we can get on our own. Arvin said in the previous session, that we are not at war with hyperscalers, but they are in fact a friend. This is exactly what we mean. This has made all possible because really the Cloud services providers have trained our customers where they are today and train them around technical. Basically, you know, how easy is it to get access and turn on resiliency, availability scale, they all LEDs, right? And financial in terms of a way to buy just what they need at the time. Just in time it's single bill makes it super, super easy for procurement. So let's pivot to talk about AWS, right? Specifically selling with them rather than against them. And this is simply because if you look at our all of our deployments for OpenShift, for that matter, AWS makes up about 20 percent of them. So they are by far the number one hyperscaler which OpenShift is in fact deploy, right? And so let's talk about Rosa, which is Red Hat OpenShift service on AWS. This is our native first-party service that exist on AWS that customers can buy and transact through Amazon, through the console, right? So Rosa is specifically a Cloud native experience that they get. So they get that OpenShift experience that developers and operators love in Amazon. As easy as they've ever had before. All right? And this is important, my seat experience because one of the greatest value propositions of OpenShift is that there's a consistent experience, really no matter where you run, especially for workloads. So it really helps bolster from a technical perspective the, the hybrid story, while we are abstracting away the underlying complexity of the Cloud providers and even hybrid on-prem infrastructure. Right? Back in a past life, I lead a bunch of development teams and one of the most expensive things that a deal with, having different teams really focusing on different environments or stacks. And so they really weren't fungible with each other. Something like OpenShift specifically, Rosa technically allows me to have a consistent experience no matter where where where were right. Right. And then also specific to Rosa, which is much different than the typical self-manage OpenShift experience, is that, you know, we're meeting customers and what they expect from technical experience of having, you know, a cluster up with a few clicks as possible. And we've made huge improvements on this. And Rosa, and we're making even more so in the future, right? So we put at their fingertips. So the, the burden of adoption, of barriers and adoption are much lower. On the financial side of it, It's really important not the all Rosa consumption retires the Cloud provider or the commitments made to the Cloud providers, right? In Amazon's with respect to w ADP, right? That means, is it that our customers have triggered there are some sign these very large commitments that said, I'm going to spend this much money on your platform. You're going to get any bit of a break, you're gonna give me, let's say, I promise has been so, so much. You're going to give me a dollar 20th services for every dollar I spend, right? And then from a procurement perspective, even beyond that, that, that commitment retirement, which we'll see here in a second too, is that you get everything on one bill. So you see your rows usage right next to all the underlying EC2 network and storage, right? And this experience, as we've already seen, major, major leap forward in terms of how customers are using it. For example, we'll call one customer financial services customer that got into rows a self-service because of the technical self-service aspect of it. Has the financial aspect of it. They weren't even a customer Red Hat. They got into it this summer. And now with a little help from our Black Belt customer success teams. They're the number one consumer of Rosa on a ARR basis, which is huge. All right, so let's check this out a little bit, right? I want to walk through what Rosa self-service install looks like. So we're going to go to good, use the AWS CLI and the Rosa CLI, which is the four. Whereas AWS CLI is what most Amazon users and administrators use to STI and HIV services, configure their environment, etc. All right, and then what we're gonna do is we're going to compare that to what looks like to stand up EKS. Not to say that Rosa an EKS are even really comparison because one's an application platform, the other one is Kubernetes infrastructure. But as I mentioned earlier, like the behaviors that are that these cloud providers are trained or customers on. I want to show you how similar these experiences are. So for me, we talk to customers. Really, they're not going to have to learn a whole lot of new stuff or are really not a whole lot of new processes to get there because to get the clusters up. Alright, so let's pull up my command line here. And the first thing I'm gonna do is I'm going to log into amazon USE Stu. And this is a little cooking show thing because I've already inputted my credentials, so that's just there. Now I'm gonna do is Rosa create cluster. Let me name this puppy. Demo. One. Right. Now we're off to the races, right? So this will take about 30 minutes and by the time this is done, I'll have a full OpenShift cluster. Ready, got Rosa cluster ready to go on Amazon. All right, so let's see what the experience was like for another service on Amazon, specifically EKS, right? So AWS Configure, configure log in. All right, Well again, and now I'm going to use what they have, the AKS command line, EKS CTL spray. So just one other CLI, EKS, CTL Create cluster. And there is a very small change in terms of the parameters. And that is name and name is, we'll just say CSF will be KS one or something, right? And there we go. Alright? Now often racism will have an AKS cluster of about 20 minutes. All right, so one thing I'm sure you all notice. One thing we've got dinged on a lot in the past is, you know, how long it takes to get a cluster up, right? Well, I can tell you from a rose at ETS perspective. First of all, that was super easy to do right? In. And secondly, that 30 minutes is because not only are you put in, you know, Kubernetes, he's out there or a smattering on all the other really awesome value out of distractions that makes OpenShift, OpenShift on top of the cluster, right? So that's, that's very different. So basically in the, in the time it takes to watch Seinfeld episode, you can have Rosa cluster up and you know, our our customers or our off to the races using it. One thing usually, in my earlier years here at Red Hat, specifically with OpenShift V3, I would always say preface, any demo, do that. Customer with, boy, I hope I sacrificed and solutions architects to the demo gods last night. So I can have a good demo. I can tell you today and now we're turning on clusters is so easy with Rosa, an arrow. No sacrifices needed. I know it's going to work every time, which is totally awesome and that is the experience that our customers are expecting in the Cloud. All right, So we went over the technical portion, right? The second Weber's. Now let's look at the financial part. So what I want to show you here is my Amazon bill. It shows Rosa and all my EC2 and it's right here. So as you can see in February, I've spent about $2281 on Amazon services, which includes Rosa my apologies, the Julia accident. You'll be getting this expense report very soon. We also have another really cool view here, right? So this is console dot write this as our Hybrid Cloud Console for, for OpenShift. That shows me all my connected OpenShift clusters, right? Ccds here, there's some over here it has CP, things like that. Think of it as almost like an ACM light. What is in here is there's a cost management feature where I can actually connect my console dot experience up to the billing providers of the different Cloud providers, right? So as you see here, you have opened that are Amazon Web Services, Azure, GCP, et cetera. So I am AWS connected up here. I'm going to click this. And now you see this account. And what you see is this historical data in terms of my usage, right? As you can see, there's a little bit of break here because I turn my clusters off so it wasn't being charged anything, right? But this is a, this is super important and very cold for our customers understand. Because again, this removes so much of the procurement and the financial friction away from a buying OpenShift that they would typically have for, for self-managed, right? All right. So let's go back to the deck. Okay, So I also remember I talked about consistency, right? So consistency is key, consistent openness to experience. No matter where you choose arrive. To show this, I'm going to go on to advanced cluster manager, ACM. And I'm going to launch an application, same application across a vSphere cluster, ana Rosa cluster, right? That's important in this view. The sphere in Amazon Web Services are wildly different infrastructure. But again, that value add, that value proposition of, of OpenShift is that consistent experience that really abstracts away that complexity. You heard me talk before, you heard me say this and enzymes, but I'll say it again. The value proposition of OpenShift is that we unlock the power of containers and cube well hiding their, hiding their complexity, which includes airline emperor. So hurry up. I will add a label. It's called Book of a very simple, right? And there is an application catalog that, that's associated with. So that's a V sqrt cluster. And I'll just add one to one of my Rosa clusters. I stood up previously that touched again cooking shows to help. All right. Now if I look at the application catalog here, I will go find that book info application. And here you see the architecture or the topology or other of that application. Just to prove to you that this was not some sort of slide where vapor, I will now show you that, hey, I'm actually running. So this is that application running on vSphere and use that exact same application running on Rosa. Totally awesome, consistent experience. If I had multiple teams out there working on this, one wouldn't have to be trained and vSphere, another one won't have to be trained and an amine Amazon, again, Oba shift just kind of a lock step for them and locks the power of technology is like container and cube. To get your applications out there as quickly as possible, I get while hiding the underlying complexity. All right, next slide. Okay. So one of the things that I'll close with is something that is super important for customers understand. And that is the Red Hat Site Reliability Engineering or SRE team. These are experts that manage our managed OpenShift clusters are Cloud services for that matter, all of them behind the scenes, right? In, Let's be honest with ourselves here, there's no one better out there to, to operate. Red Hat Cloud services are read at Red Hat Software than red adders themselves, right? Is a set of product engineers, systems engineers, the intersection of that right? They began to become basically a virtual team member of your customers operations and SRE teams. This is super important in terms of lowering the total cost of ownership. So that the customers can then focus the resources on what really matters. And that's delivering applications. This is the say that with our SRE team, we're enabling our customers the resiliency of the platform. We continuous uptime to move from 24, 7 operations to 95 innovations. And that 95 innovations, which is helping customers deliver applications to prod, breaking the land speed record, right? That is what drives consumption from a selling perspective that is hypercritical or Red Hat. And this is again, another reason why we love Cloud services. All right. I think it's back to James to her application modernization. Thank you.